Missing step in storybook migration (#5913)
plone/volto: docs/source/upgrade-guide/index.md

https://github.com/plone/volto/tree/5605131868689778bbdca0c3003a40cb9f153c1a/packages/generator-volto/generators/app/templates/.storybook

> Then update your project's or add-on `scripts` key like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, in your project's or add-on's {file}`package.json` file, update the `scripts` key with the key/value pairs, as shown in the following diff.
```
